# Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
The goal of my app is to provide trail hikers a reminder book of where they have been to and their comment about it. The primary requirement for this app is to have the user login or register, and add/edit/delete any entries they desire once they are logged in. This app is designed to serve as a reminder for users who have been to different places but cannot recall the places, and potentially in the future the app can establish a sharing platform that allows users to exchange ideas
# What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
Multiple screens, including login, register, listView, and app permission, are necessary to serve as the base of this app. My UI design provides a clean picture of the basic functionalities that users are in need for, and it successfully tells users what to expect after clicking on certain buttons
# How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?
I used an individualized agile strategy to code my app. Initially I was working on individual user stories, but later on I found out that a lot of these user stories are intertwined together, and changing one of them will impact others. Therefore starting from the 3rd user story, I switched my mind and started going through each method to improve their functionalities. This individualized agile strategy could be helpful in the future in a team settings when a project has tens of user stories.
# How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal?
Android Emulator is my best friend. I keep a seperate screen of the emulator on the side to check how my code works out. This is critical because sometimes a small change in one method could cause an app-crash because it changes the expected values for other methods. Doing periodic unit test ensures the overall integrity of my code.
# Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
Like discussed above, I have shifted from a user story based approach to an overall agile approach that can ensure the integrity of the overall application
# In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
I think one area that I did pretty well is where a switch screen is required, and I could accomplish that either by swapping to another xml file, or to hide certain contents on the current xml. I found the process to be extremely entertaining and I would definitely play with the emulator more in the future
